Professor: Andrea Sununu
Department: English

Review 1:
Absolutely unparalleled and without compare. One of the most impressive people I have ever had the pleasure of meeting in my entire life. Embodies every aspect of what a liberal arts education should be. Professor Sununu is brilliant, sweet, and above all extraordinarily hard-working. If given the chance, I implore you: take her classes.

Review 2:
Sununu is amazing and will make you better in every aspect of your life.

Review 3:
She will change your life. It will all be worth it.

Review 4:
My one criticism after taking sununu is I felt like I was mislead on how I was doing in the class. While she gave very thorough and helpful feedback, I was led to believe I was doing very well in the class. When I first actually saw the letter grade I got on a paper I was horrified. Professor sununu is brilliant though.

Review 5:
The class was very challenging but 100% worth taking; I'd take it again in a heartbeat. We did a lot of writing, but I became a much better writer over the course of the class and I highly recommend it. Sununu is a tough grader, but she gives you a chance to rewrite everything to improve your writing/grade. She's incredibly kind and respectable.

Review 6:
A very intense class but it is very worth it. She is incredibly kind and understanding. She gives amazing feedback. I highly recommend taking this class.

Review 7:
Ruin and Re-begetting is an essay class. It will take all of your effort. We did 6 essays, all with mandatory rewrites. Your writing will improve, but do not over-exert yourself. LOTS of readings and writing, but she never denies extensions. She is super sweet and caring, but stay safe.

Review 8:
Ruin and Rebegetting is AP Lang disguised as a discussion class. If you're an incoming freshman, drop any other difficult courses you're in before taking this class. It will take all of your effort. We did like 8 essays. All of them have mandatory rewrites. Your writing will improve, but do not over exert yourself. I love her, but be safe.

Review 9:
I think everyone at DePauw should take a class with Sununu. Yes, she is incredibly challenging, but the prof's a legend. She is so kind and thoughtful even while she rips apart your paper. She is a gem of DePauw. For me, it was a one and done because of how harshly she grades and how much reading she assigns, but I will always appreciate her!

