Professor: Brian Howard
Department: Computer Science

Review 1:
Easy to get an A, but you will learn nothing. Lectures are very boring, and most students don't show up to class.

Review 2:
He is kind of a boring lecturer. Sometimes, I feel that he just explains a 5-minute-concept in 60 minutes, and students rarely got anything in his class. Easy grader, easy attendance, and easy materials/homework, however. If you want a good grade, just choose him.

Review 3:
I like professor Howard for his clear grading criteria and good feedback. Despite of these, he really cares About his students and always ready to answer your question.

Review 4:
I can say that professor Howard is the best professor I have in DePauw. He is dedicated. He even writes a book for his students. Very detailed! Give good feedback. Quizzes and exams are not difficult at all.

Review 5:
He is definitely a good guy but NOT a good classroom professor. Notes and lessons are disorganized and hard to follow. You will learn.. but just not that much. He can be helpful if you do all the effort to learn and ask him for help sometimes...

Review 6:
Expected students to be familiar with topics not taught or brought up in lower level classes. Seemed caring but entirely unhelpful. Seemed to work well for students who had background knowledge but not for those without. Felt like I was missing a page of the readings because of how little I understood through class and homework

Review 7:
I struggled to scrape my A- in this class. Howard is boring, but he's also so disorganized that the lectures have very little to do with test or quiz material. Fortunately all the tests are open note and you can use the internet for answers. I learned so little in this class that I'm going to sit in on another Object class next semester.

Review 8:
He is a great Prof. Always helpful, and has a wonderful beard.

Review 9:
Class was very boring, however he did provide help with assignments and projects. Did really teach us. Expected us to learn everything from the book.

