Professor: Chris White
Department: English

Review 1:
Chris White is a hilarious professor with a genuine heart. Her classes were interesting and she gave great feedback. However, the readings she assigned were BORING and to make things worse she makes students read things out loud, which takes FOREVER.
Review 2:
She taught my Playwriting Workshop, and it's one of my favorite classes I have taken at DePauw. She is an excellent professor who cares about her students. She wants her students to succeed, so as long as you put in effort and turn in assignments, you should get a good grade.

Review 3:
She is my favorite professor and I was so lucky to have her for my first year seminar and as my first year advisor. I learned so much from her and she was always willing to help inside or outside of the classroom. I have no idea what I would have done without her my freshman year.

Review 4:
Chris White is the most amazing professor I have ever had. I have taken multiple classes with her and they were all fantastic. She cares about her students and will help with whatever is needed. I have learned more from her than the rest of my professors combined. I always recommend to everyone to take a class with her.

Review 5:
She doesn't care about your opinions or if you are unable to write about specific topics. She refuses to listen and expects you to be an open book to the entire class.

Review 6:
One of my favorite professors I've had so far, and would highly recommend taking a class with her! She is personable, and works with you to improve your writing. As long as you buy into her class, you'll get at least an A-, and leave a better person and writer.

Review 7:
She is a hard proffesor but a fun person to work with

Review 8:
Chris White is the bomb. She's a really cool person, and I'd totally be down to party with her. She always assigns really interesting stuff to read. Her directions for assignments can be pretty vague, but she's forgiving about it and there's always a LOT of peer review. Highly recommend taking her class. Also she's kinda hot for her age. jussayin.

Review 9:
Chris is awesome, young, laid-back, and the perfect post-new-york writer that should be a professor. The first few classes I was a bit confused about her, but when it all opened up to being about writing better, she really shone. You cannot just do 'your best writing' b/c she wants more and you have to do more. I learned so much.

