Professor: Dave Berque
Department: Computer Science

Review 1:
DePauw will never be great as long as Dr. Berque is there. Sorry, the guy is not a good professor nor good human.

Review 2:
His RMP reviews look very similar to each other. Maybe an ok professor, but not a good administrator. Friends have had dealings with him and he seems to hate the students at DePauw. Not a good person.

Review 3:
Professor Berque is one of the best professors at DePauw. He is also my CS major advisor. While it's obvious he has contributed much to both CS and DePauw, what many people don't know is that he is really great at communicating with students and truly cares about each individual (student or advisee). He's easily one of my biggest inspirations here.

Review 4:
Dave is one of the best professors I have ever had, possibly the best on DePauw's campus. Fun, knowledgeable, and extremely helpful. I've had several classes with him and I've learned so much from him. He's one of the reasons CS is my major. Don't be late, don't skip, and do your work and you'll have a great time in his class.

Review 5:
Berque is a stand up professor. I've taken multiple courses with him and been thoroughly impressed. He's extremely timely with replying outside of class time, very helpful with providing additional feedback, and a phenomenal guy too. His classes are entertaining, and you won't have a better experience within the CS department.

Review 6:
I can't even express how much I love this professor. He's hard to please, but he makes it worth it to try. Don't even think to miss his class! I'm sure you wouldn't want anyway because he's just so hilarious. Amazing teacher!

Review 7:
Great professor!I want to be like him!

Review 8:
Dave is a great professor. He encourage in class participation and group work. He's able to explain difficult concepts so they become understandable. His lectures are very organized so note-taking is easy and it makes sense when you look back over your notes. He makes a point of being available to students for help. A truly great professor.

Review 9:

Great professor! Had him for HCI my senior year and now I regret not having other classes with him. By far the most practical teacher I had.
