Professor: Guangjun Qu
Department: Economics

Review 1:
Very hard professor who needs everything to be done exactly as he likes. Very tough grader.

Review 2:
Dr. Qu is overall a great professor who is very knowledgeable and helpful during office hours. He got rid of test correction during my semester and replaced it with problem sets as extra credit. Always do the problems set! Most exams a combined problem sets and worksheets. It is a challenging course but don't be discouraged with one bad score.

Review 3:
Listen to him, and do his assignments. You would not know what he wants during test questions ( If you listed all the points he teaches you, then % of getting an A is higher. Also, honestly redoing the test policy makes getting an A attainable.

Review 4:
When missing classes you need to provide proof of your reason, very tough grader smallest mistakes get a point off. He likes to cold call. His office hours are also held at night which can be hard to make it to.

Review 5:
Honestly I think he is a great professor only if you make your way and reach out to him. Attend office hours, ask a lot of questions and he will surely help. The only thing that I did not like was his grading scale because he takes of points for very small mistakes. But if the class makes the same mistake on a quiz he will probably not count it.

Review 6:
He uses a lot of mathematics equation to illustrate the economic problems. Overall, he is a helpful professor.

Review 7:
At first, I didn't like Qu's teaching much, but as the semester went on, I realized that I had a great base of economic knowledge. Qu is a great guy, he is willing to help, and the class isn't that hard. He is a picky grader and is not always clear, but overall, I really enjoyed this class.

Review 8:
He is very nice. His teaching is not that clear because he is a new teacher, but if you come to his office, he will try his best to make you understand the materials.

Review 9:
He is very nice and helpful. The class notes are very clear. You can do well if you work hard.

