Professor: Harry Brown
Department: English

Review 1:
Harry was a fabulous professor. He is extremely caring and helpful; he cares a lot about every student and how well they do in the class. There was a very reasonable amount of workload but it was never anything too difficult.

Review 2:
Amazing class materials. More lecture-based, but he always respect your opinion during discussion. Nice and empathic guy.

Review 3:
You cannot say enough good things about this man. This was my second semester in a row with him, and he just cares about every student. His grading criteria is simple, if you do the work, you will receive credit. Just get the papers and homework done and you will be in great shape.

Review 4:
Assignments are graded by completion. His points system allows you to drop a few assignments and still get an A. He makes writing fun and less stressful. His topics course are super interesting

Review 5:
Dr. Brown uses participation-based grading: as long as you fully-complete the assignments, you get full credit. However, he assigns a lot: 100+ pages/week, 7 critical inquiry papers, weekly forums/annotations, and occasional presentations. He's a great prof. and helps generate original paper ideas, but you need time and energy to do it all.

Review 6:
Reading in this class is easy to get around. This class would be extremely difficult if everyone did the assigned reading. He assigns about 100-150 pages each night. Quizzes are in the form of a response on Fridays, and there was a 6 page paper due every week.

Review 7:
Get ready to read and write. Professor Brown is helpful in and out of class. Utilize his knoledge--he cares about his students and their learning! Great man and great professor.

Review 8:
Harry is an amazing professor. He makes all of his classes fun and interactive. The reading isn't bad either. As long as you get the concepts of the reading then you're good to go in class. He is super lenient with deadlines and just a super chill guy. I HIGHLY recommend taking any class with him.

Review 9:
Absolutely fantastic professor. Very helpful outside of class. Papers are usually short, about 4 pages for a 300 level class. Projects are designed with other classes in mind. In class, he is extremely jovial and encourages debate between students. He's easily one of my favorite professors I've ever had. Strongly recommended!

