Professor: Melanie Finney
Department: Communication

Review 1:
Lectures are not bad but she has unclear expectations when it comes to grading. Her instructions and feedbacks were often unhelpful. My skills did improve after taking her class but I just don't know if it was worth it. Have other professors if you can.

Review 2:
Melanie Finney is one of the worst professors I have ever taken. Her lectures are SUPER dry, the readings she assigns are completely irrelevant to her lectures and she gets angry if you don't constantly participate. This is the only review I have ever written on Rate My Professor - AVOID, AVOID, AVOID!

Review 3:
Dr. Finney is fantastic! If you're like me and read her reviews, you might be wary of her class, but I was so happy to find they were not true! While she gives tough tests, she is so fun in class and always willing to help you if you ask! I thoroughly enjoyed having a class with her and would take one again!

Review 4:
Hands down my favorite professor on this campus. All of the other reviews on this page are bogus. You get out what you put in, and if you're willing to do good work for her you'll see the benefits 10-fold. One of the smartest, influential people I've met in my college career. Can't encourage taking her classes enough!

Review 5:
Finney is incredible. Very down to earth, keeps 90 minute classes interesting, and is a genius. Felt an instant connection and picked her as my advisor. She's so willing to go out of her way to help her students. Definitely one of my favorite professors on this campus

Review 6:
She's the department chair for Communication, and will make sure you know it. I had to get an approval from her for an independent study and she will require more from you thanging possible in 3 weeks time. She also seems to dislike students who are prepared to answer any questions she has on the study.

Review 7:
She is the least helpful i ever seen at DePauw. Ane she is rude. She I wont take any of her classes if I have choice.

Review 8:
I had her for a three-hour long evening class, and she actually made the terrible time slot bearable. We had some pretty engaging discussions, the projects were fun, and she picked interesting videos related to the coursework for us to watch. Some of the readings she assigned were dense, but otherwise the workload was fine.

Review 9:
Not informed enough about the subject, cannot answer questions and gives unfair grades. I had so much expectation for the class. Complete waste of time.

