Professor: Ophelia Goma
Department: Economics

Review 1:
can't see your grade without asking her and she makes it seem like she is telling you something top secret when she tells you your grade.

Review 2:
great professor. very helpful, passionate, and understanding.

Review 3:
Unstructured lecture, I don't even know why we discuss this concept and what it applied to. I still managed to get 96 on the written test ( but the problem is I just randomly spamming words without actually understanding half of the stuff I write )

Review 4:
She is great and was always willing to help outside of class. Stats is a tough course, so make sure to study for exams heavily and not get behind on the term paper. She was very helpful, and her lessons were easy to follow, but the multiple-choice section can be a killer. Overall, shes the professor for stats, and I enjoyed the course.

Review 5:
I enjoyed having Professor Goma. Her classes are certainly not easy, but if you put in some effort and connect well with her, you will do just fine.

Review 6:
I did pretty well in Prof. Goma's 350 course. She gave us wonderfully lectures each time. She tried to let us fully understand everything. I understand that some students said that her exams were hard, that's true. You need to spend time reviewing and practicing before tests. But for other teamwork tasks (paper, lab), she gave us very high scores!

Review 7:
Professor Goma is nice but her teaching style is meh. I didn't know what my grade was the entire semester because she takes 2+ months to grade things. Lectures are hard to understand and she never responded to any of my emails??? Idk how she is in person but I didn't have a good experience. Would not recommend taking her class.

Review 8:
She cannot truly answer any question you ask her if you go in for office hours. While she is teaching in class she always seems anxious and doesn't do a very good job o actually teaching the material. Practice/homework problems don't even closely resemble difficulty of tests, although she does give out a lot of partial points on tests. Goodluck

Review 9:
She is really nice and here lectures are pretty good. Her tests are tough, but not impossible.

