Professor: Tamara Stasik
Department: English

Review 1:
University should fire her.

Review 2:
AVOID HER AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE. I HAVE TO ATTEND A MANDANTORY COURSE WITH HER, AND IT IS SO DISORGANIZED. DON'T BELIEVE IN HER ETRA CREDITS AS YOU WILL ONLY RECEIVE 1 OUT OF 1067 CREDITS. THIS IS SO RIDICULOUS.

Review 3:
She's great, but she is a tough grader. Be on time, discuss well, do exactly what she tells you to do. Lots of writing and the study plan is really long, but if you do everything I mentioned, it'll be fine. Btw, go to her office hour even if you have nothing about class materials to discuss. Fyi, her office hour may 90% overlap with other class

Review 4:
Professor Stasik is wonderful. She's warm, hilarious and caring. I know there are a lot of assignments. But trust me, as long as you do all the homework and participate her class actively (ACTIVELY, ACTIVELY, ACTIVELY. And very important, ACTIVELY from the BEGINNING), you'll be fine. Her feedback helps me a lot in my academic writing. Love her sm.

Review 5:
She is a very tough professor. She assigns a lot of homework, and there is a substantial amount of reading and preparation required before class. It can be quite confusing to find these materials, as they are disorganized. I would recommend avoiding her class in the future.

Review 6:
Her class was the hardest class ever I have taken. Her lecture was okey but strict about grading and assignments. I spent a lot of time to work on her essay and her OH, but didn't get A. She keeps saying that if you receive B, that means you are average. Impossible to get A unless she likes you. I'm not gonna take her class again.

Review 7:
First , don't take her class she's r@cist, second don't take her class because she would never appreciate your work even if you worked the hardest you could!

Review 8:
Very tough lecture, always looking for unnecessary details, confusing materials

Review 9:
Although she gives a lot of assignments, I think they are rewarding. You can learn and improve a lot through her assignments. I can see my writing skill has improved a lot after taking her class. Additionally, her office hours are very helpful. She also provides careful feedback and shows great respect for personal opinions.

